General Wellness: Policy for Low Risk Devices | FDA
Skip to main content
Skip to FDA Search
Skip to in this section menu
Skip to footer links
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Search
Menu
Search FDA
Submit search
Featured
Report a Product Problem
Contact FDA
FDA Guidance Documents
Recalls, Market Withdrawals and Safety Alerts
Press Announcements
Warning Letters
Advisory Committees
En Español
Products
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood, and Biologics
Animal and Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products
Topics
About FDA
Combination Products
Regulatory Information
Safety
Emergency Preparedness
International Programs
News and Events
Training and Continuing Education
Inspections and Compliance
Science and Research
Information For
Consumers
Patients
Industry
Health Professionals
Federal, State and Local Officials
Home
Regulatory Information
Search for FDA Guidance Documents
General Wellness: Policy for Low Risk Devices
Search for FDA Guidance Documents
In this section
Search for FDA Guidance Documents
Cross-cutting Guidance Documents
Search General and Cross-Cutting Topics Guidance Documents
Advisory Committee Guidance Documents
Import and Export Guidance Documents
Guidances
GUIDANCE DOCUMENT
General Wellness: Policy for Low Risk Devices
Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff
January 2026
Download the Final Guidance Document
Final
Search for FDA
Guidance Documents
Search for FDA Guidance Documents
Cross-cutting Guidance Documents
Search General and Cross-Cutting Topics Guidance Documents
Advisory Committee Guidance Documents
Import and Export Guidance Documents
Guidances
Docket Number:
FDA-2014-N-1039
Issued by:
Guidance Issuing Office
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is issuing this guidance document to provide clarity to industry and FDA staff on the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) compliance policy for low risk products that promote a healthy lifestyle (general wellness products).1 This guidance does not apply to products (e.g., drugs, biologics, dietary supplements, foods, or cosmetics) regulated by other FDA Centers or to combination products.2
Section 3060(a) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Cures Act) amended section 520 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) on December 13, 2016, removing certain software functions, including those intended for maintaining or encouraging a healthy lifestyle that are unrelated to the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention, or treatment of a disease or condition, from the definition of device in section 201(h) of the FD&C Act. Section 520(o)(1)(B) of the FD&C Act, states that software that is intended "for maintaining or encouraging a healthy lifestyle and is unrelated to the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention, or treatment of a disease or condition" is not a device under section 201(h) of the FD&C Act.
This guidance clarifies FDA's interpretation of this provision and its application to general wellness products.
1 This guidance does not change or rescind any requirements of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) or any applicable regulations. This guidance also does not preclude FDA from consulting with the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) as to whether a general wellness product is a consumer product under CPSC's authority or a device. FDA may coordinate with other agencies and authorities, such as the CPSC, to determine jurisdiction over products. If a product is a device under section 201(h) of the FD&C Act, it is generally excluded from CPSC's authority over "consumer products" under the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. § 2052(a)(5)(ii)(H)). However, CPSC and FDA may both have jurisdiction over certain medical devices under other statutory authorities the CPSC administers.
2 For determinations on combination products, contact the Office of Combination Products at combination@fda.gov. See 21 CFR 3.2(e) for the definition of a combination product.
Submit Comments
Submit Comments Online
You can submit online or written comments on any guidance at any time (see 21 CFR 10.115(g)(5))
If unable to submit comments online, please mail written comments to:
Dockets Management
Food and Drug Administration
5630 Fishers Lane, Rm 1061
Rockville, MD 20852
All written comments should be identified with this document's docket number: FDA-2014-N-1039.
Content current as of:
01/06/2026
Regulated Product(s)
Medical Devices
Digital Health
Topic(s)
Premarket
Feedback
FDA Archive
About FDA
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Website Policies / Privacy
No FEAR Act
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
FOIA
HHS.gov
USA.gov
Contact FDA
Follow FDA on Facebook
Follow FDA on X
Follow FDA on Instagram
Follow FDA on LinkedIn
View FDA videos on YouTube
Subscribe to FDA RSS feeds
Contact Number
1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332)
Back to Top
