Samsung Galaxy Ring, Watch7, Ultra Give More Health Insights
Toggle Menu
Product
Mobile
Home Entertainment
Home Appliances
Computing
Display
Semiconductor
Innovation
See All Product News
Corporate
Communities
Workforce
Sustainability
Care
Smart Living
Education
See All Corporate News
Press Resources
Media Contacts
Media Library
About
Overview
Executive Bios
Suggestions
Galaxy S26
Galaxy TriFold
Galaxy Z Series
The Frame
Micro RGB TV
Product
Mobile
Home Entertainment
Home Appliances
Computing
Display
Semiconductor
Innovation
See All Product News
Corporate
Communities
Workforce
Sustainability
Care
Smart Living
Education
See All Corporate News
Press Resources
Media Contacts
Media Library
About
Overview
Executive Bios
Mobile
Samsung’s Expanded Wearables Portfolio Unlocks Intelligent Health Experiences for All
Samsung Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra enable new, intelligent health experiences across the portfolio, making everyday wellness more meaningful
7/10/2024
Samsung Electronics today announced the new Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra, expanding the power of Galaxy AI1 to more people through wearables designed to provide end-to-end wellness experiences for everyone.
These new additions to the wearables portfolio are central to Samsung’s vision for Galaxy AI to enhance digital health, delivering personalized insights and tailored health experiences that enable a more comprehensive understanding of yourself through a holistic approach to everyday wellness. Obtaining accurate, detailed, and advanced information on personal health2 is a key factor in this process, and Samsung’s accumulated sensor innovations on Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7, and Galaxy Watch Ultra are helping bring its vision to life. Galaxy Ring delivers a straight-forward approach to wellness, offering health monitoring, tracking, and personalized insights while worn comfortably on a finger, even while asleep. Galaxy Watch7 maximizes everyday wellness with personalized workouts along with intelligent and intelligent health monitoring capabilities. Galaxy Watch Ultra – the newest addition to the Galaxy Watch lineup – is Samsung’s most capable smartwatch yet, designed for next-level achievements.
“The latest additions to our wearables portfolio integrate Samsung’s most advanced technologies and innovations, enabling you to take control of your health and wellness with preventative healthcare solutions,” said TM Roh, President and Head of Mobile eXperience Business at Samsung Electronics. “The intelligence, guidance, and insights that are offered with Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7, and Galaxy Watch Ultra will help users turn data into meaningful insights and create a whole new era of expanded intelligent health experiences.”
Galaxy Ring: Simplifying Wellness, Starting With Sleep
Galaxy Ring3 offers a simple approach to everyday wellness, featuring Samsung’s proven sensor technology in the smallest, most unobtrusive form, and provides insights that help you understand yourself easily. Designed for 24/7 health monitoring4, Galaxy Ring is lightweight weighing from 2.3 grams to 3.0 grams5, ensuring comfort during extended wear6. Its distinct concave design adds a touch of style while maintaining durability. With 10ATM water resistance7 and Titanium Grade 58 finish, you can confidently wear Galaxy Ring anywhere without worry. Experience continuous usage with up to 7 days battery life9, and benefit from a specially designed quick charging case10 that features aesthetic LED lighting to indicate charging status. Stay true to your personal style with 3 color choices – Titanium Black, Titanium Silver, and Titanium Gold. Sizing kits11 are available to help you find the right fit from 9 size options.
With Galaxy Ring, you can enjoy around-the-clock support that is customized to your needs and becomes more powerful over time thanks to the advanced technology of Galaxy AI. All data and insights are integrated into Samsung Health12 for seamless access within one cohesive platform without a subscription. Starting with sleep, the foundation of wellness, Galaxy Ring features Samsung’s extensive sleep analysis13 and a powerful sleep AI algorithm to help you easily understand your sleep patterns and build better habits. Along with Sleep Score and snoring analysis, new sleep metrics such as movement during sleep, sleep latency, heart and respiratory rate4 provide a detailed and accurate analysis of sleep quality. With Cycle Tracking14, you can better track your menstrual cycle through overnight skin temperature monitoring.
Holistic insights and motivational encouragement are provided by Samsung Health via metrics from the Galaxy Ring to help you get the most out of your day. It starts with Galaxy AI, which generates a detailed report viewable on Samsung Health that includes various health metrics. New Energy Score15, a Galaxy AI enabled feature, enhances your awareness of the ways your health influences your daily life, so you can utilize recommendations based on your current physical state to focus your daily efforts on making improvements. This score is calculated by evaluating your physical conditions across four significant factors: Sleep, Activity, Sleeping Heart Rate and Sleeping Heart Rate Variability. Additionally, you can receive personalized messages aimed at enhancing your well-being across all areas of your health journey, thanks to Wellness Tips16, which is driven by comprehensive data and individual interests.
Galaxy Ring also supports broader everyday wellness monitoring, allowing you to stay informed about your heart health with Heart Rate Alert17. This feature provides instant notifications regarding unusually high or low heart rates in real-time via the Samsung Health app. You can gain additional details about your heart rate including beats per minute, time start, and time duration with Live Heart Rate Check. Galaxy Ring also helps you maintain an active lifestyle and stay motivated with automatic walking and running tracking via Auto Workout Detection18, and daily fitness reminders with Inactive Alert. In addition, you can easily take photos or dismiss your alarm on compatible Galaxy smartphones with a double pinch via Gestures19, and find the location where your Galaxy Ring was last connected to your Galaxy smartphone with Find My Ring on Samsung Find.20
Galaxy Watch7: Comprehensive Understanding Of Everyday Wellness
Galaxy Watch721 is designed to help you gain a holistic understanding of yourself. Galaxy Watch7 motivates you to create healthier days with more ways to support everyday wellness. You can accurately track over 100 workouts and build routines by combining various exercises with Workout Routine to achieve your goals. With Race22, compare current and past performance in real-time to track progress and maintain motivation. Receive a complete body and fitness snapshot with Body Composition23 for a comprehensive understanding of your body.
In addition to the new advanced AI algorithm for sleep analysis, Galaxy Watch7 offers the De Novo FDA-authorized Sleep Apnea feature,24 providing a simple, proactive tool to check potential signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea. Receive real-time readings and alerts for abnormally high or low heart rates with Heart Rate monitoring,25 detect irregular heart rhythms suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib) with IHRN (Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification)26, and get a deeper understanding of your heart health with Electrocardiogram (ECG).27
These advanced, in-depth monitoring and tailored insights are made possible thanks to Samsung’s most innovative hardware on Galaxy Watch7. An enhanced BioActive Sensor offers increased accuracy28, empowering you to better understand yourself with comprehensive readings. For the first time, Galaxy Watch7 allows you to conveniently track advanced glycation end products (AGEs) right from your wrist with an AGEs Index.29 Strongly influenced by diet and lifestyle, AGEs reflect your overall biological aging process and provide an indication of metabolic health.
Equipped with the most powerful chip in the Galaxy Watch line-up, and for the first time a 3nm Processor, Galaxy Watch7 delivers a more seamless wearable experience with three times faster CPU30 and 30% improved power efficiency of application processor.31 of application processor. In addition, Galaxy Watch7 is the first Galaxy smartwatch to feature a Dual-frequency GPS system32, which can more precisely track location33 even in dense urban environments, enabling you to conquer your goals wherever you are.
Featuring Samsung’s iconic circle design, Galaxy Watch7 allows you to match your personal style with new watch bands34, including a ripple shape design and colorful stitch details, along with a variety of watch faces. Galaxy Watch7 also brings more intuitive and seamless experiences between connected Galaxy devices. Answer messages effortlessly with intelligent Suggested replies35, which suggests suitable responses by analyzing previous conversations through Galaxy AI. With Double Pinch Gestures36, easily control a Galaxy Watch and connected Galaxy smartphone even when your hands are full, and simply use the all-in-one Samsung Wallet37 from payments to accessing Digital IDs to make every day more convenient.
Galaxy Watch7 will be available in two sizes, 40mm and 44mm. Galaxy Watch7 40mm is available in Green and Cream, while Galaxy Watch7 44mm is available in Green and Silver.
Galaxy Watch Ultra: Maximizing Passionate Performance
Building on the foundation of Galaxy Watch7’s advanced health monitoring features and powerful hardware, Galaxy Watch Ultra – the newest and most powerful addition to the Galaxy Watch portfolio – further unlocks enhanced fitness experiences for next level achievements with ultimate intelligence and capabilities. Echoing Galaxy Watch’s circle design legacy, a new cushion design enhances protection and visual completeness, while a Dynamic Lug System for enhanced comfort empowers you to be the best version of yourself anywhere, anytime.
Premium capabilities built for extreme durability enable you to push limits and go further with a Titanium Grade 438 frame and 10ATM water resistance10. Additionally, Galaxy Watch Ultra operates at a wider range of altitudes, from 500 meters below sea level to 9,000 meters high for tracking advanced fitness experiences like swimming in the ocean to cycling in extreme environments39.
Track multi-course workouts for a triathlon from swimming to cycling to running with new Multi-sports tile. Plus, new Functional Threshold Power (FTP) for cycling accurately measures maximum cycling power in just 4 minutes with AI-powered FTP metrics40 to unlock full potential based on indicators unique to you. Galaxy Watch Ultra also provides an advanced Personalized HR Zone41, so you can run at optimal intensity levels based on your physical capabilities.
With a newly added Quick Button, you can instantly initiate and control workouts and map other functions to suit your needs. Plus, you can activate an Emergency Siren42 for safety. Post-workout, check stats at a glance with dedicated watch faces for Galaxy Watch Ultra which automatically switch to Night Mode43 for optimal readability in the dark. Additionally, with a peak brightness of 3,000 nits, Galaxy Watch Ultra also ensures readability even in bright sunlight. For peace of mind during longer adventures, Galaxy Watch Ultra has the longest battery life44 within the Galaxy Watch line-up, offering up to 100 hours in Power Saving45 and 48 hours in Exercise Power Saving46 .
Galaxy Watch Ultra47 will be available in a 47mm size in Titanium Gray, Titanium White, and Titanium Silver.
Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra are the first Android smartwatches powered by Wear OS 5, the most powerful release from Wear OS yet. Offering advanced performance and power efficiency, Wear OS 5 ensures you can enjoy more seamless and smooth interactions and use your Galaxy Watch for longer. In addition, you can maximize your wearable experience with access to a variety of popular apps right from your wrist, including Galaxy services, Google apps, and fan-favorite third-party apps.
As always, the power of Samsung’s connected Galaxy ecosystem brings even greater benefits to unlock even more potential. You can receive a more seamless and accurate health analysis from a wider range of data by wearing Galaxy Watch and Galaxy Ring together, improving precision and accuracy day through night, especially for sleep. Plus, wear Galaxy Ring even longer when paired with Galaxy Watch, further extending the already-long battery life up to 30%.
With hands-free communication, emergency alerts, and advanced wellness monitoring, the latest Galaxy devices also provide businesses with features to enhance worker productivity, safety, and more.
Pre-Order, Availability, and Offers 48
Galaxy Ring will be available for pre-order in the U.S. from July 10, with general availability starting July 24. Pricing starts at $399.99.
Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra will be available for pre-order in the U.S. starting July 10, with general availability starting July 24. Galaxy Watch7 pricing starts at $299.99. Galaxy Watch Ultra will retail for $649.99.
Galaxy Ring will be available on Samsung.com, Samsung Experience Stores, Amazon, AT&T and Best Buy. Galaxy Ring is eligible for Samsung Care+, including Accidental Damage and Extended Warranty coverage, or Samsung Care+ Essentials including Extended Warranty coverage allowing you to enjoy your new Galaxy Ring with confidence.
Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra will be available on Samsung.com, at Samsung Experience Stores, Amazon, AT&T and Best Buy. Galaxy Watch is eligible for Samsung Care+ with Theft and Loss, including Unlimited Repairs for Accidental Damage and Mechanical Breakdowns, plus Theft and Loss coverage, or Samsung Care+ including Unlimited Repairs for Accidental Damage and Mechanical Breakdowns allowing you to enjoy your new Galaxy Watch with confidence.
For a limited time, those who pre-order a new Galaxy Watch will receive a free additional watch band, varying by model. Those who pre-order the new Buds3 series will receive a free black clip case with their purchase.
Consumers who pre-order Galaxy Z Fold6, Galaxy Z Flip6, Galaxy Watch7, Galaxy Watch Ultra, or Galaxy Buds3 series can receive 25% off the price of a second device.49
To learn more about Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7, and Galaxy Watch Ultra, please visit:
https://news.samsung.com/us/
https://www.samsungmobilepress.com.
Specifications: Samsung Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch7, Galaxy Watch Ultra
Galaxy Ring
ColorTitanium Black, Titanium Silver, Titanium Gold
Dimensions7
& Weight 67.0 mm x 2.6 mm, 2.3g (Size5) ~ 3.0g (Size13)
Sizing129 (Size 5 - 13)
Memory8MB
Battery10Galaxy Ring: 18mAh (Size 5) - 23.5mAh (Size 13)
Charging Case: 361 mAh
Up to 7 days
Charge for 30min: 40%
SensorAccelerometer
PPG
Skin Temperature
ConnectivityBLE 5.4
Durability10ATM8, IP68 / Titanium grade 59
Charging Case11Size: 48.9 (W) x 48.9 (L) x 24.51(H)
Weight: 61.3g
Materials: PC + SUS (hinge)
Battery: Provide portable charging (361mAh)
CompatibilityAndroid 11 or higher and with more than 1.5GB of memory
Galaxy Watch7Galaxy Watch Ultra
Color- 44mm: Green, Silver
- 40mm: Green, Cream- 47mm: Titanium Silver, Titanium Gray, Titanium White
Dimensions50
& Weight51- 44mm: 44.4 x 44.4 x 9.7 mm, 33.8g
- 40mm: 40.4 x 40.4 x 9.7 mm, 28.8g- 47mm: 47.1 x 47.4 x 12.1mm, 60.5g
DisplaySapphire Crystal
- 44mm: 1.5-inch (37.3 mm) 480x480 Super AMOLED, Full Color Always On Display
- 40mm: 1.3-inch (33.3 mm) 432x432 Super AMOLED, Full Color Always On DisplaySapphire Crystal
- 47mm: 1.5-inch (37.3mm) 480x480 Super AMOLED, Full Color Always On Display
ProcessorExynos W1000 (5 Core, 3nm)
Memory
& Storage2GB memory + 32GB storage
Battery52(typical)- 44mm: 425mAh
- 40mm: 300mAh590mAh
Charging53Fast Charging (WPC-based wireless charging)
OS54Wear OS Powered by Samsung (Wear OS 5)
UIOne UI 6 Watch
SensorsSamsung BioActive Sensor (Optical Bio-signal sensor+ Electrical Heart Signal + Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis), Temperature Sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light SensorSamsung BioActive Sensor (Optical Bio-signal sensor+ Electrical Heart Signal + Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis), Temperature Sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Gyro Sensor, Geomagnetic Sensor, Light Sensor
ConnectivityLTE55, Bluetooth 5.3, Wi-Fi 2.4+5GHz, NFC, GPS(L1+L5)/Glonass/Beidou/Galileo
Durability565ATM + IP68 / MIL-STD-810H10ATM41+IP6857 / MIL-STD-810H /Ocean Swimming, Operation Temperature/ Altitude Guaranteed
CompatibilityAndroid 11 or higher and with more than 1.5GB of memory58
1 Samsung does not make any promises, assurances or guarantees as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the output provided by AI features. Samsung account login may be required to use certain Samsung AI features. Galaxy AI service may be limited for minors in certain regions with age restrictions over AI usage. Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties. Galaxy AI features track data and require compatible Samsung Galaxy phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung Account.
2 Intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in the detection, diagnosis, treatment, monitoring or management of any medical condition or disease. Any health-related information accessed through the device and/or application should not be treated as medical advice. Users should seek any medical advice from a physician. Certain features may vary by market, carrier or the paired device.
3 Galaxy Ring must be paired with a smartphone with Android 11.0 or above and minimum 1.5GB Memory. Galaxy Wearable app, Samsung Health app (v6.27 or above) and Samsung account login are required. Service availability may vary by country or region. Availability of Galaxy Ring sizes and colors may vary by country or region.
4 Samsung Health tracking features are intended for general wellness and fitness purposes only. Not intended for use in the detection, diagnosis, treatment, monitoring or management of any medical condition or disease. Any health-related information accessed through the device and application should not be treated as medical advice. Users should seek any medical advice from a physician.
5 Weight of Galaxy Ring varies by size. Size 5 Galaxy Ring is 2.3g, size 6 Galaxy Ring is 2.4g, size 7 Galaxy Ring is 2.4g, size 8 Galaxy Ring is 2.6g, size 9 Galaxy Ring is 2.7g, size 10 Galaxy Ring is 2.8g, size 11 Galaxy Ring is 3.0g, size 12 Galaxy Ring is 3.0g, and size 13 Galaxy Ring is 3.0g.
6 Galaxy Ring is 7.0 mm x 2.6T with weight ranging from 2.3g to 3.0g depending on size (Size 5-13).
7 Consistent with 10ATM water-resistance classification (up to 100m of water for up to 10 minutes) and IP68 rating (up to 6 feet of water for up to 30 minutes). Rinse residue/dry after wet.
8 Titanium is only applied on Galaxy Ring device frame.
9 For sizes 12 and 13; up to 6 days for smaller sizes. Results may vary.
10 Galaxy Ring includes 1 Charging Case and 1 USB cable. Size of Charging Case varies depending on Galaxy Ring size. Wireless charger sold separately.
11 Availability of Galaxy Ring sizes and colors may vary by country or region. Galaxy Ring sizes are based on US standard sizes (Size 5 – Size 13). One Sizing Kit is available free of charge upon purchasing the Galaxy Ring. Only one Sizing Kit is provided per order number. Sample rings included in the Galaxy Ring Sizing Kit are inoperable and for measuring ring size only. Wearing the ring for at least 24 hours is recommended to test the ring.
12 For Samsung Health AI features, the health data tracked from Samsung Galaxy Ring must be synchronized with the Samsung Health app. Needs at least the previous day’s activity, sleep data and heart rate data during sleep. Not intended for use in the detection, diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition.
13 Must wear device for 7 nights during a 30-night period. Requires compatible smartphone and Samsung Health app.
14 Requires compatible smartphone. Cycle Tracking is available for tracking a user’s menstruation cycle. NOT INTENDED FOR CONTRACEPTION. If you are currently taking hormonal birth control or undergoing hormonal treatment that inhibits ovulation, this service will not be useful for tracking ovulation. Cycle Tracking results may be impacted by Watch usage (recommendation: 4 hours during sleep, 5 times a week), input data and environmental conditions (such as illness, medications, traveling and disruptions to users’ daily routine). If you are taking medication, consult your doctor to learn how it may impact your body temperature. Do not interpret or take clinical action based on the predictions made without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. This feature is not intended for users under 18 years of age.
15 Energy Score requires a compatible Samsung Galaxy AI phone, Samsung Health app and Samsung account. Galaxy AI tracks data.
16 Wellness Tips requires a compatible Samsung device.
17 The heart rate software functions are not intended for medical use.
18 Available only with walking and running. Auto Workout Detection must be turned on. Requires compatible smartphone.
19 Gestures is only possible for camera control and alarm dismiss. The Gestures feature can only be used on the Galaxy Ring paired with Samsung Galaxy smartphones running One UI 6.1.1 or above. For alarm dismiss, the clock app version must be 12.3.30.35 or above.
20 Requires a smartphone with the SmartThings app and a Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connection. Compatible smart devices must be initially set up in the SmartThings App.
21 Compatible smartphones and available features may vary by country or region, carrier or device.
22 Race is available for outdoor running and outdoor cycling only. For comparative measurements, it is required to run on the same path as the pre-generated path. Users can compare by selecting one of the records from a previous timeframe of up to 14 days. Comparing records through Race is only available when starting at the same location as the previous record’s start point. It will be converted to running mode automatically if it deviates from its previous path by more than 10%.
23 Body Composition should not be used if you have an implanted pacemaker or other implanted medical devices, or if you are pregnant. Any health-related information accessed through the device and application should not be treated as medical advice. Measurement results may not be accurate if you are under 20 years old. The measurements are for your personal reference only. Please consult a medical professional for advice.
24 The Sleep Apnea Feature is an over-the-counter (OTC) software-only, mobile medical application operating on a compatible Samsung Galaxy Watch and phone. This feature is intended to detect signs of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea in the form of significant breathing disruptions in adult users 22 years and older by tracking sleep twice over a ten-day monitoring period. It is intended for on-demand use. This feature is not intended for users who have previously been diagnosed with sleep apnea. Users should not use this feature to replace traditional methods of diagnosis and treatment by a qualified clinician. The data provided by this device is also not intended to assist clinicians in diagnosing sleep disorders. Sleep Tracking Disclosure – Must wear device for 7 nights during a 30-night period.
25 The ECG Monitor App, intended for adults 22 years and older, analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of AFib and provides a notification suggesting the user record an ECG to analyze the heart rhythm. The IHRN feature is not intended to provide a notification on every episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFib and the absence of a notification is not intended to indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is intended to opportunistically acquire pulse rate data when the user is still and analyze the data when determined sufficient toward surfacing a notification. The ECG Monitor App is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment. The ECG app is not intended for users with known arrhythmias other than AFib or users under 22 years old. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional.
26 The Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification is an over-the-counter (OTC) software-only, mobile medical application for informational use only in adults 22 years and older. The app analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib) and provides a notification suggesting the user record an ECG to analyze the heart rhythm. The Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Feature is not intended to provide a notification on every episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFiband the absence of a notification is not intended to indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is intended to opportunistically acquire pulse rate data when the user is still and analyze the data when determined sufficient toward surfacing a notification.
27 The ECG feature is only available in select markets. It is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment. The feature is not intended for users with known arrhythmias other than AFib. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation with a qualified healthcare professional.
28 Compared to previous Galaxy Watch series.
29 AGEs Index monitoring is only available on Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra. The Galaxy Watch uses light sensors that operate within the limits set by the IEC62471 safety regulations. However, people with photosensitive skin may have adverse reactions to light, such as skin discoloration or a rash. Avoid using this feature if you experience symptoms of photosensitivity. AGEs Index monitoring is for fitness and wellness only, not for the diagnosis and treatment of any medical condition. If you’re concerned about your health, please consult a medical professional for advice.
30 Compared to previous processor.
31 Compared to previous processor.
32 As compared to previous model. GPS accuracy may be affected by weather, atmosphere, and other obstructions such as buildings and tall trees.
33 Compared to previous Galaxy Watch series.
34 Additional watch bands are sold separately. Availability of watch bands may vary by market or carrier.
35 Suggested replies is only available on Galaxy Watch running One UI 6 Watch or above. The watch requires the latest Wear OS version installed and must be paired with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone released after the Galaxy S24 series running One UI 6.1.1 or above, as of Jul. 2024. Service availability may vary by language and app. Accuracy of results is not guaranteed.
36 Double Pinch Gestures is off by default. To use the feature, it must be enabled on the Galaxy Watch or the Samsung Galaxy Wearable app. Galaxy Watch must be paired with a Samsung Galaxy smartphone running One UI 6.1.1 or above.
37 The availability of Samsung Wallet and its features may vary by market and paired smartphone. Check the Samsung Wallet FAQ (www.samsung.com/us/samsung-wallet/faq) for additional compatibility information regarding devices and carriers.
38 Grade 4 Titanium is partially applied to the front and back cover areas of the metal frame, excluding the display and physical buttons. The remaining parts of the frame are a mix of plastic and Grade 2 Titanium.
39 Galaxy Watch Ultra withstands temperatures ranging from -20°C to 55°C while being worn on the wrist, based on results from internal lab tests conducted by Samsung. Actual performance may vary depending on the environment where it is used. In very high or low temperatures, charging may be blocked, certain functions may be automatically terminated or unavailable, or the watch may shut down automatically for safety. Additionally, battery performance can be adversely affected at low temperatures.
40 To measure personalized FTP, a Galaxy smartphone must be connected to a power meter, sold seperately. In order to calculate a more accurate FTP, it is necessary to connect the Galaxy Watch to a smartphone. The FTP is calculated automatically when cycling occurs at a mid to high intensity level for more than 4 minutes with the cycling power meter attached to your bicycle. Using machine learning, the more users ride repeatedly, the more accurate and personalized FTP values will be calculated. The cycling power meter is sold separately. Traditional FTP analysis duration on professional equipment is up to 1 hour on average.
41 Personalization of Heart Rate Zone is enabled when selecting an outdoor run activity. It is required to run consistently for more than 10 minutes with speeds of 4km/h or faster.
42 To activate press Quick Button for 5 seconds; to deactivate press for 3 seconds.
43 Night Mode is only available on certain watch faces.
44Based on typical use; results may vary.
45 Up to 60 hours without Power Saving mode; based on typical usage. Results may vary.When on Power Saving mode, some of the features such as Wi-Fi connection, wake up gesture and others, may become inaccessible. There may also be restrictions on CPU speed, background network and location.
46 When on Exercise Power Saving mode, some of the features such as network/Bluetooth connection, IoT control and others, may become inaccessible. Only available on Galaxy Watch Ultra.
47 Only available in LTE model.
48 Color and size availability may vary by market or region.
49 7/10/24-7/23/24, while supplies last, on samsung.com or in the Samsung Shop App. Must pre-order and/or purchase a Galaxy Z Fold6, Galaxy Z Flip6, Fold5, Flip5, or Tab S9 family (“Qualifying Purchase”) and Galaxy X2 or Galaxy Watch7 and/or Buds3 Pro and/or Buds3 (“Promotional Product(s)”) in the same transaction through the Qualifying Purchase buy/add-on page. Discount automatically reflected at checkout. If you return or cancel your Qualifying Purchase, you must return the Promotional Product with your Qualifying Purchase or pay for the Promotional Product in full. This offer is non-transferable and limited to 1 per Qualifying Purchase. Void where prohibited or restricted by law.
50Measured without health sensors.
51Measured without band.
52 Battery life is based on results from internal lab tests for typical usage pattern scenarios conducted by Samsung. Actual battery life may vary depending on different usage patterns, device model, network environment and other factors. Typical value tested under third-party laboratory condition. Typical value is the estimated average value considering the deviation in battery capacity among the battery samples tested under IEC 61960 standard.
53 Testing conducted by Samsung using pre-released version of Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra (BT & LTE), each paired to a Samsung phone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Galaxy Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB C Cable (EP-OR900) and Samsung 25W USB C Power Adapter (EP-TA800). Charge time varies with region, settings, usage pattern and environmental factors; actual results may vary. Samsung 25W USB C Power Adapter (EP-TA800) sold separately.
54 Wear OS Powered by Samsung works with phones running Android 11 (excluding Go edition and phones without Google Play Store) or later with more than 1.5GB of memory. Compatible devices may vary by market, carrier or device brand.
55 LTE connectivity only available in LTE models.
56 Galaxy Watch7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra have obtained MIL-STD 810H Certification: It has undergone a test that repeats from -20°C (1Hr) to 50°C (1Hr) for a total 6 hours.
57 Galaxy Watch Ultra is water resistant for 10 minutes in water with a depth of 100 meters according to the ISO22810 standard. The test was conducted in 5% salty water and 4ppm chlorine water. Galaxy Watch Ultra is water resistant with an IP68 rating based on the lab test conditions for submersion in up to 1.5 meters fresh water for up to 30 minutes. It is not suitable for high-pressure water activities and diving. It may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. Refer to the user manual for further information, including care/use instructions. Galaxy Watch Ultra is dust resistant with an IP68 rating based on the lab test conditions by a third party: 2kg of talc powder (max. diameter of 0.05mm) per cubic meter was blown into a test chamber housing the device (air pressure within device kept below surrounding air) for 2 hours. Dust-resistance may vary by actual usage conditions.
58 Device activation is only available after connecting to a smartphone that supports Google Mobile Services. Compatible devices may vary by market, carrier or device brand.
Recommended News
Unlocking New Possibilities for Preventative Wellness with New Galaxy Watch and BioActive Sensor
See the News
Tags
Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Watch, Galaxy Watch 7, Galaxy Watch Ultra, Health and Wellness, Mobile, Samsung Health, SmartWatch, Wearable
Share
Press Kit
11 Items
36.84 MB
Images.zip (9) - 3.87 MB
Article.txt - 29.83 KB
002-Galaxy-Ring-Press-Release.jpg - 111.61 KB
005-Galaxy-Watch7-Press-Release.jpg - 185.70 KB
006-Galaxy-Watch7-Family-Press-Release.jpg - 343.15 KB
007-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Press-Release.jpg - 686.90 KB
008-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Ocean-Swimming-Press-Release.jpg - 695.50 KB
009-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Mountain-Bike-Press-Release.jpg - 602.12 KB
010-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Rock-Climbing-Press-Release.jpg - 655.06 KB
011-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Family-Press-Release.jpg - 233.69 KB
samsung-Galaxy-Watch-Ultra-Watch7-Ring.jpg - 462.12 KB
samsung_galaxy_unpacked_broll_-_july_2024-540p.mp4 - 15.93 MB
Download all
Media Contact
Mobile Experience (MX)
Smartphone, Wearable, Tablet, PC and Mobile Accessories
SamsungMobilePR@edelman.com
More Stories
Mobile
Galaxy Unpacked July 2024: Galaxy AI Is Here
June 25, 2024
Smartphones
Press Release
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold6 and Z Flip6 Elevate Galaxy AI to New Heights
July 10, 2024
Mobile
Meet the Runner Inspiring the World To Chase Challenges and Run Toward Their Dreams
July 5, 2024
Samsung.com
Media Contacts
Privacy Policy
Legal
Copyright © 1995-2026 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved
